The First Girl
HEEJIN
2016 07 28
HeeJin: I’ve been here before.
HeeJin: To take a flight.
HeeJin: France, Paris!
HeeJin: I’m hungry.
HeeJin: Inflight meal!
The Second Girl
HYUNJIN
2016 10 03
HyunJin: It’s raining.
HyunJin: Oh, hello~
HyunJin: He told me that my acting is not good enough like a robot.
The Third Girl
HASEUL
2016 11 22
HaSeul: I just arrived at the airport!
HaSeul: I..
HaSeul: I just arrived at the airport now!
HaSeul: I’m gonna go to Iceland alone and then meet HeeJin and HyunJin at London!
HaSeul: I’m nervous~
The Fourth Girl
YEOJIN
2016 12 23
YeoJin: Hello~
YeoJin: I’m 15 years old.
YeoJin: And I’m youngest!
YeoJin: 15 years old.
YeoJin: I’m 15 years old!
HaSeul: You are too young. I’m also still 15 at heart!
YeoJIn: Don’t make fun of me because I’m young~
HaSeul: Where are you going, YeoJin?
YeoJin: I’m going to Taiwan
HaSeul: What will you do in Taiwan?
YeoJin: I’m going to do some filming~
HaSeul: You’re the fourth girl. How do you feel?
YeoJin: I still can’t believe it.
HaSeul: Really?
YeoJin: Right. I will do my best!
The Fifth Girl
ViVi
2017 02 15
ViVi: I’m so happy. Because I’ve never been to New Zealand.
ViVi: I love that beverage.
ViVi: Also I like bread.
ViVi: I’d like to have a lot of it!
ViVi: Thank you.
The Sixth Girl
KIM LIP
2017 04 23
Kim Lip: Girl Crush?
‘Please be bold, understand?’
Kim Lip: Okay!
Kim Lip: Yes.
Kim Lip: Pardon?
Kim Lip: Yes!
The Seventh Girl
JINSOUL
2017 02 20
JinSoul: It’s too dark since it’s too late.
JinSoul: Color lenses
JinSoul: I’m nervous~
JinSoul:  I heard it will take 3 hours. I’m excited.
JinSoul: But I know I will sleep!
JinSoul: Me?
JinSoul: What do you think of that?
JinSoul: I think the concept may be changed because of me!
JinSoul: Please look forward to it!
The Eighth Girl
CHOERRY
2016 10 15
Choerry: I’m really excited!
YeoJin: We three became trainees almost at the same time!
YeoJIn: I knew we are destiny.
Choerry: Destiny~
Choerry: The photographer lavished praise on me!
Choerry: I really got energy from that… Thank you.
Choerry: And I think the photographer took good pictures of me!
Choerry: Thank you~
The Ninth Girl
YVES
2017 11 04
Yves: Hello~
Yves: It was fun because I’m dressing casually.
Yves: And there are many props here.
Yves: My eyes hurt~
Yves: Like this? Just close your eye!
Yves: I think LOOΠΔ / ODD EYE CIRCLE’s songs are good and their performances are really powerful.
Yves: So I thought I really want to try like they do.
Yves: Sing a line?
Yves: I will show you later~!
Yves: I will do the dance too!
The Tenth Girl
CHUU
2017 12 01
Chuu: I’ve never worn anything like this~
Chuu: I really love it!
Chuu: I hope that I will dress like this more often!
Chuu: Really?
Chuu: Please stand in front of me!
Chuu: Just being next to me will be like...
Chuu: Please keep making a smile for me in front of me.
Yves: No problem!
Chuu: I get relieve when you…
Yves: Okay, say ‘fighting’ to the camera!
Yves: 3, 2, 1
All: Fighting!
The Eleventh Girl
GO WON
2018 01 05
‘Never mind me’
‘It’s okay to take selfies~’
Go Won: I hope that pictures will come out good.
Go Won: It represents a black swan~
The Twelfth Girl
OLIVIA HYE
2018 03 07
Olivia Hye: Hello~
Olivia Hye: I’m Olivia Hye, the twelfth member!
Olivia Hye: I’m sure!
Olivia Hye: You zoomed in on me too much!
Olivia Hye: It will be blurred like other videos?
Olivia Hye: I’m so awkward.
Olivia Hye: I’m still so awkward.
Olivia Hye: But I’m trying my best not to show that…